README.md, before:

# random-selector
Randomly select winners from a csv. The names in `names.csv` were randomly generated for demo purposes.

<video src="./_assets/random-selector.mp4" width="320" height="200" controls preload></video>

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

1. **Install [Node 10 or greater](https://nodejs.org)**.
2. **Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)**.

### Installation and execution of script
1. Clone this repo. `https://github.com/ubccapico/random-selector.git`
1. Then cd into the repo. `cd random-selector`
1. Run the installation script. `npm install` (if you see `babel-node: command not found`, you've missed this step.)
1. Copy/paste names into the `names.csv` file (make sure to leave the top `name` field)
1. Run the script. `node randomSelector.js`

### Modify text
Feel free to modify the printed text as you see fit!

## Authors

* [justin0022](https://github.com/justin0022) -
**Justin Lee** &lt;justin.lee@ubc.ca&gt;

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0.

Commit message:

Added note about la hackathon

README.md, after:

# random-selector
Randomly select winners from a csv. The names in `names.csv` were randomly generated for demo purposes. Created for use in the [Learning Analytics Hackathon](https://learninganalytics.ubc.ca/for-students/hackathons/).

<video src="./_assets/random-selector.mp4" width="320" height="200" controls preload></video>

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

1. **Install [Node 10 or greater](https://nodejs.org)**.
2. **Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)**.

### Installation and execution of script
1. Clone this repo. `https://github.com/ubccapico/random-selector.git`
1. Then cd into the repo. `cd random-selector`
1. Run the installation script. `npm install` (if you see `babel-node: command not found`, you've missed this step.)
1. Copy/paste names into the `names.csv` file (make sure to leave the top `name` field)
1. Run the script. `node randomSelector.js`

### Modify text
Feel free to modify the printed text as you see fit!

## Authors

* [justin0022](https://github.com/justin0022) -
**Justin Lee** &lt;justin.lee@ubc.ca&gt;

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0.
